Add liaison role in TODO Charter (#404)
todogroup/governance: CHARTER.adoc

 . *Officers*
The Steering Committee shall elect a Chairperson and, if so desired, may elect such other officers as it may choose. All officers shall be elected annually. There are no limits on the number of terms an officer may serve.

.. *Liaisons*
The TODO Group Steering Committee may appoint one or more Working Group Liaison(s) (“Liaisons”) to support the effectiveness, transparency, and continuity of TODO Working Groups (WGs). A Liaison is a current Steering Committee member appointed to help Working Groups operate smoothly by connecting WG chairs and participants with information, resources, and processes available within the TODO Group and The Linux Foundation, and by helping ensure each WG’s mission aligns with TODO Group values.

... Definition:
.... A Liaison serves as a coordination point between the Steering Committee and one or more WGs, helping ensure clarity, continuity, and timely communication.

... Responsibilities:
.... Help WG chairs and participants understand how TODO works (e.g., where to find governance documents, how to propose changes, how to request support).

> .... Ensure a lightweight “WG essentials” overview exists and is kept up to date (purpose, leads, meeting cadence, links to notes, and deliverables).

Reviewer: do we not want to call this the WG charter or its README? that might be better language to use so its understood what information to expect

Author: just changed to "CHARTER"

> .... Ensure a lightweight “WG essentials” overview exists and is kept up to date (purpose, leads, meeting cadence, links to notes, and deliverables).

Author: ```suggestion
.... Ensure a lightweight WG CHARTER exists and is kept up to date (purpose, leads, meeting cadence, links to notes, and deliverables).
```

.... Identify mission misalignments, recurring blockers, and duplication across WGs, and surface them to WG chairs, participants, and the Steering Committee.
.... Promote an update mechanism beyond Slack to ensure WG progress and decisions are captured in a durable, accessible place (e.g., periodic written updates and links to notes/issues/PRs).

... Reporting:
.... Liaisons should provide periodic updates to the Steering Committee, as needed or on a cadence agreed by the Steering Committee.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
... Termination
..... Working Group participants may request a change of Liaison if the current arrangement is not working well, including cases where engagement is limited or the collaboration is not effective.
```

> ... Term length:

Reviewer: i'm not sure this is the correct place for this but we should also allow WGs to request a change in their Liaison, in the case that they're not engaging or that collaboration isn't working out

Author: Thank you! just added a new line to show this
